                         Pod::Thread version 1.01
         (Format POD source into thread, an HTML macro language)

              Maintained by Russ Allbery <rra@cpan.org>

  This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the same terms as Perl itself.  Please see the section LICENSE
  below for more information.

BLURB

  Pod::Thread translates POD source into thread, a macro language
  processed by spin.  It supports optionally adding a table of contents
  and a navigation bar to the genenerated file.  This package also
  includes the pod2thread driver script, invoked automatically by spin for
  POD files and pointers to POD files.

DESCRIPTION

  This package contains a module to translate POD into thread, an HTML
  macro language.  As such, it's not very useful without spin, a separate
  program to convert thread into HTML.  spin is available from:

      http://www.eyrie.org/~eagle/software/web/

  and the most recent version of this module will be found on the same
  page.  I wrote this module for my personal needs and it may not be (and
  in fact probably isn't) suitable for more general use as yet.

  The eventual intention is to turn the core portions of spin into a
  second Perl module and add it to this package, which will make this a
  more generally useful package for HTML page generation.  I have no
  estimate for when that work will be done.

  The conversion done by this module is mostly straightforward.  The only
  notable parts are a search through the full processed file for a CVS or
  Subversion Id string to pass on to the thread source and the optional
  generation of a table of contents or a navigation bar at the top of the
  generated file.

REQUIREMENTS

  Pod::Thread requires Perl 5.8 or later, Pod::Parser 3.06 or later, and
  the Readonly module.  As mentioned above, it's also not particularly
  useful without spin.

  The test suite makes use of additional Perl modules for some tests.
  These tests will be skipped automatically if the modules aren't
  available.  To run the full set of default tests, you will need the Perl
  modules:

      Perl::Critic
      Test::MinimumVersion
      Test::Pod
      Test::Pod::Coverage
      Test::Strict
      Test::Synopsis

  and their dependencies.  These modules are all available from CPAN.

  Some parts of the test suite are suppressed by default because those
  tests are normally only useful for the maintainer.  This includes tests
  of POD spelling and Perl coding style.  To enable those tests, set the
  environment variable RRA_MAINTAINER_TESTS to a true value.  For these
  tests, the additional Perl modules:

      Devel::Cover
      Test::Perl::Critic
      Test::Spelling

  and their dependencies as well as a spell-checking program (several are
  supported by Test::Spelling) are required.  These modules are all
  available from CPAN.

INSTALLATION

  Follow the standard installation procedure for Perl modules, which is to
  type the following commands:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make
      make install

  You'll probably need to do the "make install" as root.  This will also
  install a driver scripts named pod2thread; see its man page for more
  information.

SUPPORT

  My web tools web page at:

      http://www.eyrie.org/~eagle/software/web/

  will always have the current version of this package, the current
  documentation, and pointers to any additional resources.

  Currently, there is no bug tracker for this package since I've not yet
  uploaded it to CPAN.  I will do so once spin has been converted to a
  module and is included.

  I welcome bug reports and patches for this package at rra@cpan.org.
  However, please be aware that I tend to be extremely busy and work
  projects often take priority.  I'll save your mail and get to it as soon
  as I can, but it may take me a couple of months.

SOURCE REPOSITORY

  Pod::Thread is maintained using Git.  You can access the current source
  by cloning the repository at:

      git://git.eyrie.org/web/pod-thread.git

  or view the repository on the web at:

      http://git.eyrie.org/?p=web/pod-thread.git

  Debian packaging is kept on the debian branch of the Git repository.
  When contributing modifications, patches (possibly generated by
  git-format-patch) are preferred to Git pull requests.

LICENSE

  The Pod-Thread distribution as a whole is covered by the following
  copyright statement and license:

    Copyright 2002, 2008, 2009, 2013 Russ Allbery <rra@cpan.org>

    This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the same terms as Perl itself.  This means that you may
    choose between the two licenses that Perl is released under: the GNU
    GPL and the Artistic License.  Please see your Perl distribution for
    the details and copies of the licenses.

  All individual files without an explicit exception below are released
  under this license.  Some files may have additional copyright holders as
  noted in those files.  There is detailed information about the licensing
  of each file in the LICENSE file in this distribution.

  Some files in this distribution are individually released under
  different licenses, all of which are compatible with the above general
  package license but which may require preservation of additional
  notices.  All required notices are preserved in the LICENSE file.
